this network was started in 2001 and
and not close to being finished yet so the
part that was done first and
electronic before monday that the decor
here is the module to ask from 3 to nmes
different that can be controlled on
every way to receive
knowing that he has three voices on network
so each one can select
the food that we want with
visualized by a vuse puts this is the
building a new plate that
will be for layar in slow regnard which
now I'm done a little bit
default since all my system blocks
evolved with the time you see
now I put blogs on a
plate that I go back because work
underneath lying down it was more possible
we also see the transistors of
power I do not know and dishes
which is a very good solution
here is a little essay to correspond
however terral the one that is before
condom terral with each time a
opportunity to see the meaning on the way
without it being very good it's very
rudimentary as a system must
know that I'm doing that hop a little bit and I
am like all of them I am often
in a hurry to see the result
so that's the right work that's there
obvious with possibility on the tracks
to stop or not stopped for ways that's
the old plates that are
currently still in operation
although she is in bad
posture but hey that's a part too
there is a lot of wiring to do with
the new systems the new ones
modules that they use the cars
power couplers go from a network
to each other like that
I know how interactive for
system blocks and
and it allows me to avoid accidents
as I have had many times and
to have premises that falls for example
when we see the opto couplers and
the knob that serves to accelerate or
restricted access to the dying of the judgments
the red led lights up years when the train
is there and he is busy
visualization of the red light green light
also on the map and on
last I visualized the florange
also the loose
on the network we see in passing
saved cable that allow for
know sending
phase 1 2
7 mobile with petals it smells that everything
is almost removable except the mountain
rch she turn buckle and laly
coheed the future economy
this woman
this mine
the passage having she knowing she
is currently on track 2 and who has
could arrive
80-104 50 visits to tran
cross to see some motorists
the italy station currently in
sailing and what game
it's not yet tanger by niels albert
the green and it goes very badly at the
beer outlet we can see well
servoing the switches that
are ordered this share of ideas
we show ourselves a little further three
networks the first thing to do
it was the automatic electricity there
we come back from junction between two
elements month is the time that will
save them
the jetty as all have talked about it's a
fault
1 so here I ordered to the train
to go from there to see it so
he will spend on the mud flipping
them
so he does not have any other
he will go up because there
compared to my 2001 network I
removed a cross and so I did
a passage over which greatly
simplified
working from
the
in the tunnels there are pictures that
are for him
these people here in the passage of
viaduct
sale virtually everything is bought
used to wake up just cosmonauta
behind me the garage door there it's
a heroine I had
in front of the growl is sure that I will be
not so there to arrive on a thug
hot or his passing at one time
that he has passed I order of aiguilhe
so that's a motor cut theirs
lawyers are practically the
train restarts on the way back
like a poor
the movie actors I have plans that
are missing to show you their agreement
but hey that's the lights so
why five types of steps because
all the tests are refuted effect that
some constant consumptions so
the orange plates the block it is not
far the wagon more he is almost
so he'll go to orange
so here I order access again
in the other direction so
I have different referral engines
fooling the rococo
so classify the motors and 2/3 of
the natan the bath co
facing AIDS
I'm scared she's frankly
okay so get them back on track
on his voice 2 in kiel
excuse scrap
I often used there
boudou jean made 50 watts at the end
I had a little bit forgotten
goes back game
everything and it practically
here we go adema a little fast
knowing that I made a stupid tour of
Incest cement
conventional car wagon
German with a Swiss loco but me
I know the pleasure of seeing
trains
it's great here we go before
comments ranging from terral we review the
mountain that obviously hides the loop
and the future the lookout for the future the country
since for the moment act of wood that
is done we go back to the station we pass on
the junctions between them
you have this question
honestly, no
he evolves his goal
so he
someone you see so the occar and this
2nd right so there are the routes
in bone works it
it is necessary now
the
when it passed my real
classics are made to put me the m
50 successes
this is the case here it is the system of
telecom routes we see well
update of the led a penny and so
those of the diode system that's
the role story they little
engines still making homemade the
automatic block and with the
to flights the pipelike switches that
are electrically controlled and steps
in a way how is that only in
more marked by transistor break
who am I going to
functioning it is
net so I have a shutdown system
automatic in case I have a problem
since this case there the quick cij on
the train does not restart what is
often crisp reese nature this
system avoids many
contents still the junction and
I will finish this Baptist
had you just learned it east
see you soon for a next movie